Create 2023-12-29-municipal-boundaries-final-update-for-2023.md (#2426)
agrc/gis.utah.gov: _posts/2023-12-29-municipal-boundaries-final-update-for-2023.md

---
title: 'Municipal Boundaries, Final update for 2023'
author:
  display_name: Mike Heagin
  email: mheagin@utah.gov
date: 2023-12-29 16:38:39
categories:
  - SGID Blog
tags:
  - municipal
  - boundaries
  - annexations
---

> Finally the end of 2023 is here. Another year of growth. Utah County once again leads the way with 16 annexations, followed by Weber with 10, Box Elder with 8 and  Cache County 7. Four other counties follow with 4 to 6 annexations this year. We total out with only 72 annexations this year. A little behind past years, but more growth outside the Wasatch Front counties. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, the end of 2023 is here—another year of growth. Utah County again led the way with 16 annexations, followed by Weber with 10, Box Elder with 8, and Cache County with 7. Four other counties followed with 4 to 6 annexations this year with a total of only 72 annexations this year—a little behind past years, but with more growth outside the Wasatch Front counties. 
```
